Q1:What type of programming language is Python? Why is it not a compiled programming language?

A: Python is an interpreted, object-oriented, high-level programming language with dynamic semantics. Its high-level built in data structures, combined with dynamic typing and dynamic binding, make it very attractive for Rapid Application Development, as well as for use as a scripting or glue language to connect existing components together
It’s not a compiled program language because in Python the runtime doesn't know what value is in a variable right until the line is reached by the interpreter. This is extremely important for structures, where in C++ or other compiled program, the compiler can easily tell the size of the structure and every location of its fields within memory during compilation. This gives it huge power in predicting how the data might be used and lets it optimize according to those predictions. No such thing is possible for languages like Python

Q2: Python is a dynamically typed language, explain what that means and also explain what “duck typing” means.

A: It means that each variable is binded to an object that can be coerced to an unrelated type. Duck typing allowes people to use
methods of an object on their variable even if that variable does not have a defined type. 

Q3: Python is also a strongly typed language, research what this means in Python and give an example demonstrating
the issues of strongly typed languages using one line of Python code.

A: All data type will be explicitly defined, which helps reduce the number of errors. Certain operations may be allowable 
only with certain data types. The following line will produce an error: name = "forty" + 2

Q4: Does Python require curly braces? What is the purpose of indentation in Python? Can you mix and match indentation using space and tab characters?

A: No. It requires indentation. Indentation will aid in formatting the code for methods and makes it look clean and easy to read. You cannot mix and match indentation using space and tab characters. They will be interpretted differently.

Q5: Python has programming and style guidelines in particular one referred to as
PEP 8​ that instruct programmers how to write Python code so that it has a
consistent style with other programmers. Read through the following article and
discuss three important guidelines for writing Python code.

A: When writing python code, it is always a good idea to stay consistant in formatting. The most important thing is to stay consistant,
since wildly changing formatting is much harder to comprehend then poor formatting. The goal of this guide is to enhance readability
of code, so programmers should always choose to format their code in the format that suits it the best. Finally, when in doubt, 
use your own judgement to format code. It is better to have completed code then agony over formatting issues.
